[DOCS] Move of developer documentation from wiki to md documents - master (#15372)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/plugins/intel_gpu/docs/basic_data_structures.md

# Basic data structures of GPU graph and overall flow

## Overall graph data structure

> ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25142117/156685475-9b31ddfd-3b00-47e8-a801-57f94c820215.png)

Reviewer: Can we change this external image?

> ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25142117/156685475-9b31ddfd-3b00-47e8-a801-57f94c820215.png)

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
<a name="fig1"></a>

```mermaid
classDiagram 
direction LR
pooling  --<| primitive_base
convolution --<| primitive_base 
class primitive_base{<<PType>>}
primitive_base --<| primitive
primitive --o program_node
primitive --o topology
class typed_program_node {<<convolution>>}
typed_program_node --<| typed_program_node_base
class typed_program_node_base{<<PType>>}
typed_program_node_base --<| program_node
program_node --o program
class primitive_type {
+create_node
+create_instance
+choose_mpl}
program --> topology
program ..<| primitive_type : create_node()\nchoose_impl()
convolution_impl --<| typed_primitive_impl_ocl
fully_connected_impl --<| typed_primitive_impl_ocl
convolution_onednn --<| typed_primitive__onednn_impl
pooling_onednn --<| typed_primitive__onednn_impl
class typed_primitive_impl_ocl {<<PType>>}
typed_primitive_impl_ocl --<| typed_primitive_impl
class typed_primitive__onednn_impl {<<PType>>}
typed_primitive__onednn_impl --<| typed_primitive_impl
class typed_primitive_impl {<<PType>>}
typed_primitive_impl --<| primitive_impl
primitive_impl --o primitive_inst
primitive_impl --o program_node
class typed_primitive_inst {<<convolution>>}
class `typed_primitive-inst` {<<pooling>>}
typed_primitive_inst --<| typed_primitive_inst_base
`typed_primitive-inst` --<| typed_primitive_inst_base
class typed_primitive_inst_base {<<PType>>}
typed_primitive_inst_base --<| primitive_inst
primitive_inst --> program_node
primitive_inst --o network
network --> program
network ..<| primitive_type : create_instance
class primitive_type_base {<<PType>>}
primitive_type_base --<| primitive_type
primitive_type_base ..<| typed_program_node
primitive_type_base --o primitive_base: 0.1
class implementation_map {<<PType>>
get(typed_program_node<Ptype>): factory_type}
primitive_type_base ..<| implementation_map : get()
primitive_type_base ..<| typed_primitive_inst
a1 o-- a2 : Aggregation
b1 --> b2 : Association
c1 --<| c2 : Inheritance
d1 ..> d2 : Dependency
```
````

There are three levels of abstraction in the graph structures being used in the gpu plugin : *topology*, *program*, *network*. <br>

> The above [figure](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25142117/156685475-9b31ddfd-3b00-47e8-a801-57f94c820215.png) presents the overall data structures. 

Reviewer: The same

> The above [figure](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25142117/156685475-9b31ddfd-3b00-47e8-a801-57f94c820215.png) presents the overall data structures. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above <a href="#fig1">figure</a> presents the overall data structures. 
```
